RareLogic iOS API
=================

[RareLogic](http://rarelogic.com) provides real-time customer analytics for all of your digital properties, letting you measure the success or failure of intricate customer interactions with your business.

To get started with the RareLogic iOS API clone the git repository:

    git clone http://github.com/rarelogic/rl-ios-api.git

Copy the contents of the `src` and `include` directories into your project folder, and update your project to include all of the files.

Initialize the RareLogic API
============================

The first step in using the RareLogic iOS API is to initialize the `RareLogic` object. It is recommended that you do this in `application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions` inside the Application delegate.

    - (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions {
        [RareLogic sharedInstanceWithProfile: @"your_profile_id"];
    
        self.window.rootViewController = self.viewController;
        [self.window makeKeyAndVisible];
	
        return YES;
    }

This will initialize the RareLogic API with the profile in which all events will be tracked.

Record and Track Events
=======================

To record an event using the RareLogic API you initialize a new instance of the RareLogicEvent class and set the properties that you wish to record with the event. For example:

    - (IBAction)click {
        RareLogicEvent* event = [[RareLogicEvent alloc] init];
    
        [event set: @"action" andName: @"type" withStringValue: @"click"];
        [event set: @"content" andName: @"screen" withStringValue: @"Home Screen"];
        [event set: @"content" andName: @"control" withStringValue: @"Menu"];
        [event record];
        [event release];
    }

You must specify both the family and attribute name, as well as the value to be tracked when calling the `set` method. The family and attribute name should match the attributes that you have defined in your RareLogic profile.

You call the `record` method when you have finished adding attributes to the event and you want the event tracked within RareLogic.